move config to git in order to make it easier to keep all production … (#547)
BustByte/coronastatus.no: README.md

Adding a new language should be pretty straightforward. If you need help, you can always ask in the Telegram group chat or contact us by email. The following is needed in order to set up a new language:

> - Set up a new config file: `cp config.example.json config.json`. `CONTRY_CODE` should be the Alpha-2-code listed here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_3166_country_codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up a new config file: `cp config.example.json config.json`. `COUNTRY_CODE` should be the Alpha-2-code (two-letter country codes) as listed here: [ISO_3166-1 alpha 2 country codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_3166_country_codes).
```

- In `app/locales` you have to add

>   - Translations for all the sentences in `en.json`. The translations should be placed in `{LOCALE}.json` (`LOCALE` should be one of the locales from [here](https://github.com/ladjs/i18n-locales)). The keys are the same in all the `{LOCALE}.json`-files, and the values are the translations. We recommend translating everything in the file first, and then testing the site in order to verify that the translations look ok in context. Some texts conains `{{ SOME_VALUE }}`. The content in `{{ }}` will be replace with a country specific variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Translations for all the sentences in `en.json`. The translations should be placed in `{LOCALE}.json` (`LOCALE` should be one of the locales from [here](https://github.com/ladjs/i18n-locales)). The keys are the same in all the `{LOCALE}.json`-files, and the values are the translations. We recommend translating everything in the file first, and then testing the site in order to verify that the translations look okay in context. Some texts contain `{{ SOME_VALUE }}`. The content in `{{ }}` will be replaced with a country-specific variable (as set in `text-variables.ts`).
```

- You also need a domain (preferably `coronastatus.tld` if it is available), and a server to run the app on. We can assist you with setting this up.
- Generate images for social media etc. using [this guide](https://github.com/BustByte/coronastatus#generating-social-images)

> - We can host the site for you if you want that. Just send a message to us in telegram. This makes it easier to maintain and deploy new changes to all the sites. We will give you access to the server as well. If you insist on hosting it yourself, please add your name to the README [here](ops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We can host the site for you if you want that. Just send a message to us in Telegram. This makes it easier to maintain and deploy new changes to all the sites. We will give you access to the server as well. If you insist on hosting it yourself, please add your name to the README [here](ops)
```
